Are you all right?
Should I take you to the hospital?
Ah!
No, no.
I'll go back to my mother first
Mom, I'm sorry.
I'm late.
Failed to catch the bastards who beat you
Let them run away
Mom, wake up
You woke up mom
Yo bitch, why are you crying?
Oh, the old thing is really useless.
Why don't you just die?
So that I can get an extra insurance sister-in-law
Sister-in-law, I married you to bring money
My mom doesn't even have the money for medical treatment
You can't do that.
What can't you do?
The money given by your Zhang family is much worse
Look at that
Why don't you take your body
Hahaha let me wear it.
How much?
Ah let me go
beast
Are you stupid?
Stop calling old things
Send me to the west now
Let go of my mom
Uh-huh.
Ah!
Ahhh, you can't run away now.
Stop barking
You call my husband and no one can come to save you. Let go
brother
They they
I'm dead
What nonsense are you talking about?
Your mother was beaten to death, do you blame me?
Zhang Shucheng, this is also for our own good
If you listen to this bitch's nonsense
Let's not get married
Little bitch, my sister is such a beauty with a beautiful logo
It would be nice to marry your brother, this wimp
How dare you frame my sister?
That's enough!
All beings in the three realms are reincarnated by me
My mom's not dead yet
When I heal him
The truth will come out
Linlin
At that time, even if I can let Jiro go
Distinguish between loyalty and adultery
He must not tolerate you
Hahahaha
The reincarnation of the world is determined by you
Pulse stopped
Even if Yama comes, he can't save Zhang Shoucheng
Are you afraid that you have lost your mind?
Zhang Shoucheng, are you really crazy?
Why don't you hurry up and take your mother's illness?
Go for a down payment to marry my sister
What else is there to make that old thing shrink?
What do you think about this person dying? Are you?
You want to cheat?
Brother, what nonsense are you talking about?
Mom is dead
Can't find it back
Don't worry, I'll ask someone to rely on our mother.
He will wake up in a while
Zhang Shoucheng, I'm afraid you're really crazy
How can a person come back to life after death?
The most important thing for this person is to recognize reality
And called someone to treat a dead man
Do you think you are heaven and earth?
Today I will call the King of Hell
Ask if my mother is dead